README.md, before:

ARM9/Cortex-A35 Resources
------------------------

**1. N32905**
- [Linux BSP](https://github.com/OpenNuvoton/N32905_Linux_BSP)
- [Linux Applications](https://github.com/OpenNuvoton/N32905_Linux_Applications)
- [Non-OS BSP](https://github.com/OpenNuvoton/N32905_NonOS_BSP)
- [Non-OS Tool](https://github.com/OpenNuvoton/N32905_NonOS_Tool)

**2. N32901/N32903**
- [Non-OS BSP](https://github.com/OpenNuvoton/N32905_NonOS_BSP)

**3. NUC970**
- [Buildroot](https://github.com/OpenNuvoton/NUC970_Buildroot)
- [U-boot](https://github.com/OpenNuvoton/NUC970_U-Boot_v2016.11)
- [Linux-3.10.x](https://github.com/OpenNuvoton/NUC970_Linux_Kernel)
- [Linux Applications](https://github.com/OpenNuvoton/NUC970_Linux_Applications)
- [Non-OS BSP](https://github.com/OpenNuvoton/NUC970_NonOS_BSP)
- [NuWriter](https://github.com/OpenNuvoton/NUC970_NuWriter)
- [NuWriter Linux CMD](https://github.com/OpenNuvoton/NUC970_NuWriter_CMD)
- [VMWare Linux develop environment](https://www.nuvoton.com/resource-download.jsp?tp_GUID=SW1320200406183205)
  - username: nuvoton
  - password: user

**4. N9H30**
- [Buildroot](https://github.com/OpenNuvoton/NUC970_Buildroot)
- [U-boot](https://github.com/OpenNuvoton/NUC970_U-Boot_v2016.11)
- [Linux-3.10.x](https://github.com/OpenNuvoton/NUC970_Linux_Kernel)
- [Linux Applications](https://github.com/OpenNuvoton/NUC970_Linux_Applications)
- [Non-OS BSP](https://github.com/OpenNuvoton/N9H30_NonOS)
- [NuWriter](https://github.com/OpenNuvoton/NUC970_NuWriter)
- [NuWriter Linux CMD](https://github.com/OpenNuvoton/NUC970_NuWriter_CMD)
- [VMWare Linux develop environment](https://www.nuvoton.com/resource-download.jsp?tp_GUID=SW1320200406183205)
  - username: nuvoton
  - password: user

**5. NUC980**
- [Buildroot (for linux-4.4.y)](https://github.com/OpenNuvoton/NUC970_Buildroot)
- [Buildroot (for linux-5.10.y)](https://github.com/OpenNuvoton/MA35D1_Buildroot)
- [U-boot](https://github.com/OpenNuvoton/NUC970_U-Boot_v2016.11)
- [Linux-4.4.y](https://github.com/OpenNuvoton/NUC980-linux-4.4.y)
- [Linux-5.10.y](https://github.com/OpenNuvoton/NUC980-linux-5.10.y)
- [Linux Applications](https://github.com/OpenNuvoton/NUC980_Linux_Applications)
- [OpenWrt-17.01](https://github.com/OpenNuvoton/NUC980-OpenWrt)
- [OpenWrt-22.03](https://github.com/OpenNuvoton/Nuvoton-OpenWrt-22.03)
- [NuWriter](https://github.com/OpenNuvoton/NUC980_NuWriter)
- [NuCWriter](https://github.com/OpenNuvoton/NUC980_NuCWriter.git)
- [NuWriter Linux CMD](https://github.com/OpenNuvoton/NUC980_NuWriter_CMD)
- [Non-OS BSP](https://github.com/OpenNuvoton/NUC980_NonOS_BSP)
- [SD Writer](https://github.com/OpenNuvoton/NUC980_SDWriter)
- [VMWare Linux develop environment](https://www.nuvoton.com/resource-download.jsp?tp_GUID=SW1320200406183205)
  - username: nuvoton
  - password: user

**6. N32926**
- [Linux BSP](https://github.com/OpenNuvoton/N32926_Linux_BSP)
- [Linux Applications](https://github.com/OpenNuvoton/N32926_Linux_Applications)
- [Non-OS BSP](https://github.com/OpenNuvoton/N32926_NonOS_BSP)

**7. N9H20**
- [Linux BSP](https://github.com/OpenNuvoton/N32905_Linux_BSP)
- [Linux Applications](https://github.com/OpenNuvoton/N32905_Linux_Applications)
- [Non-OS BSP](https://github.com/OpenNuvoton/N9H20_emWin_NonOS)

**8. N9H26**
- [Linux BSP](https://github.com/OpenNuvoton/N32926_Linux_BSP)
- [Linux Applications](https://github.com/OpenNuvoton/N32926_Linux_Applications)
- [Non-OS BSP](https://github.com/OpenNuvoton/N9H26_emWin_NonOS)

**9. MA35D1**
- [Yocto](https://github.com/OpenNuvoton/MA35D1_Yocto-v3.1.3)
- [Buildroot](https://github.com/OpenNuvoton/MA35D1_Buildroot)
- [TF-A](https://github.com/OpenNuvoton/MA35D1_arm-trusted-firmware-v2.3)
- [OP-TEE](https://github.com/OpenNuvoton/MA35D1_optee_os-v3.9.0)
- [U-Boot](https://github.com/OpenNuvoton/MA35D1_u-boot-v2020.07)
- [Linux-5.10.y](https://github.com/OpenNuvoton/MA35D1_linux-5.10.y)
- [Linux Applications](https://github.com/OpenNuvoton/MA35D1_Linux_Applications)
- [RTP](https://github.com/OpenNuvoton/MA35D1_RTP_BSP)
- [OpenWrt-22.03](https://github.com/OpenNuvoton/Nuvoton-OpenWrt-22.03)
- [NuWriter](https://github.com/OpenNuvoton/MA35D1_NuWriter)
- [Docker](https://github.com/OpenNuvoton/MA35D1_Docker_Script)
- [VMWare Linux develop environment](https://www.nuvoton.com/resource-download.jsp?tp_GUID=SW182022101516122042)
  - username: user
  - password: user

Commit message:

Add NUC970/N9H30 links for linux-5.10 and buildroot
Add link for NUC970 and N9H30 linux-5.10.y BSP.
Add link to the buildroot support for NUC970/N9H30 linux-5.10 kernel.

README.md, after:

ARM9/Cortex-A35 Resources
------------------------

**1. N32905**
- [Linux BSP](https://github.com/OpenNuvoton/N32905_Linux_BSP)
- [Linux Applications](https://github.com/OpenNuvoton/N32905_Linux_Applications)
- [Non-OS BSP](https://github.com/OpenNuvoton/N32905_NonOS_BSP)
- [Non-OS Tool](https://github.com/OpenNuvoton/N32905_NonOS_Tool)

**2. N32901/N32903**
- [Non-OS BSP](https://github.com/OpenNuvoton/N32905_NonOS_BSP)

**3. NUC970**
- [Buildroot (for linux-3.10.x)](https://github.com/OpenNuvoton/NUC970_Buildroot)
- [Buildroot (for linux-5.10.y)](https://github.com/OpenNuvoton/MA35D1_Buildroot)
- [U-boot](https://github.com/OpenNuvoton/NUC970_U-Boot_v2016.11)
- [Linux-3.10.x](https://github.com/OpenNuvoton/NUC970_Linux_Kernel)
- [Linux-5.10.y](https://github.com/OpenNuvoton/NUC970-linux-5.10.y)
- [Linux Applications](https://github.com/OpenNuvoton/NUC970_Linux_Applications)
- [Non-OS BSP](https://github.com/OpenNuvoton/NUC970_NonOS_BSP)
- [NuWriter](https://github.com/OpenNuvoton/NUC970_NuWriter)
- [NuWriter Linux CMD](https://github.com/OpenNuvoton/NUC970_NuWriter_CMD)
- [VMWare Linux develop environment](https://www.nuvoton.com/resource-download.jsp?tp_GUID=SW1320200406183205)
  - username: nuvoton
  - password: user

**4. N9H30**
- [Buildroot (for linux-3.10.x)](https://github.com/OpenNuvoton/NUC970_Buildroot)
- [Buildroot (for linux-5.10.y)](https://github.com/OpenNuvoton/MA35D1_Buildroot)
- [U-boot](https://github.com/OpenNuvoton/NUC970_U-Boot_v2016.11)
- [Linux-3.10.x](https://github.com/OpenNuvoton/NUC970_Linux_Kernel)
- [Linux-5.10.y](https://github.com/OpenNuvoton/NUC970-linux-5.10.y)
- [Linux Applications](https://github.com/OpenNuvoton/NUC970_Linux_Applications)
- [Non-OS BSP](https://github.com/OpenNuvoton/N9H30_NonOS)
- [NuWriter](https://github.com/OpenNuvoton/NUC970_NuWriter)
- [NuWriter Linux CMD](https://github.com/OpenNuvoton/NUC970_NuWriter_CMD)
- [VMWare Linux develop environment](https://www.nuvoton.com/resource-download.jsp?tp_GUID=SW1320200406183205)
  - username: nuvoton
  - password: user

**5. NUC980**
- [Buildroot (for linux-4.4.y)](https://github.com/OpenNuvoton/NUC970_Buildroot)
- [Buildroot (for linux-5.10.y)](https://github.com/OpenNuvoton/MA35D1_Buildroot)
- [U-boot](https://github.com/OpenNuvoton/NUC970_U-Boot_v2016.11)
- [Linux-4.4.y](https://github.com/OpenNuvoton/NUC980-linux-4.4.y)
- [Linux-5.10.y](https://github.com/OpenNuvoton/NUC980-linux-5.10.y)
- [Linux Applications](https://github.com/OpenNuvoton/NUC980_Linux_Applications)
- [OpenWrt-17.01](https://github.com/OpenNuvoton/NUC980-OpenWrt)
- [OpenWrt-22.03](https://github.com/OpenNuvoton/Nuvoton-OpenWrt-22.03)
- [NuWriter](https://github.com/OpenNuvoton/NUC980_NuWriter)
- [NuCWriter](https://github.com/OpenNuvoton/NUC980_NuCWriter.git)
- [NuWriter Linux CMD](https://github.com/OpenNuvoton/NUC980_NuWriter_CMD)
- [Non-OS BSP](https://github.com/OpenNuvoton/NUC980_NonOS_BSP)
- [SD Writer](https://github.com/OpenNuvoton/NUC980_SDWriter)
- [VMWare Linux develop environment](https://www.nuvoton.com/resource-download.jsp?tp_GUID=SW1320200406183205)
  - username: nuvoton
  - password: user

**6. N32926**
- [Linux BSP](https://github.com/OpenNuvoton/N32926_Linux_BSP)
- [Linux Applications](https://github.com/OpenNuvoton/N32926_Linux_Applications)
- [Non-OS BSP](https://github.com/OpenNuvoton/N32926_NonOS_BSP)

**7. N9H20**
- [Linux BSP](https://github.com/OpenNuvoton/N32905_Linux_BSP)
- [Linux Applications](https://github.com/OpenNuvoton/N32905_Linux_Applications)
- [Non-OS BSP](https://github.com/OpenNuvoton/N9H20_emWin_NonOS)

**8. N9H26**
- [Linux BSP](https://github.com/OpenNuvoton/N32926_Linux_BSP)
- [Linux Applications](https://github.com/OpenNuvoton/N32926_Linux_Applications)
- [Non-OS BSP](https://github.com/OpenNuvoton/N9H26_emWin_NonOS)

**9. MA35D1**
- [Yocto](https://github.com/OpenNuvoton/MA35D1_Yocto-v3.1.3)
- [Buildroot](https://github.com/OpenNuvoton/MA35D1_Buildroot)
- [TF-A](https://github.com/OpenNuvoton/MA35D1_arm-trusted-firmware-v2.3)
- [OP-TEE](https://github.com/OpenNuvoton/MA35D1_optee_os-v3.9.0)
- [U-Boot](https://github.com/OpenNuvoton/MA35D1_u-boot-v2020.07)
- [Linux-5.10.y](https://github.com/OpenNuvoton/MA35D1_linux-5.10.y)
- [Linux Applications](https://github.com/OpenNuvoton/MA35D1_Linux_Applications)
- [RTP](https://github.com/OpenNuvoton/MA35D1_RTP_BSP)
- [OpenWrt-22.03](https://github.com/OpenNuvoton/Nuvoton-OpenWrt-22.03)
- [NuWriter](https://github.com/OpenNuvoton/MA35D1_NuWriter)
- [Docker](https://github.com/OpenNuvoton/MA35D1_Docker_Script)
- [VMWare Linux develop environment](https://www.nuvoton.com/resource-download.jsp?tp_GUID=SW182022101516122042)
  - username: user
  - password: user
